Summary Conversation type Customer Support Call – The call is focused on addressing the customer’s concerns regarding the withdrawal process, tax implications, and alternative transfer options. Key points The customer, Benjamin, is discussing the process of withdrawing funds from Atomic, a cryptocurrency wallet, and the associated tax implications. The agent, Jorgen, explains that the refund from Atomic may not be taxable if the transfer is from a non-crypto account. The customer is interested in transferring the funds directly to a Canadian bank account and avoiding taxes by using a different platform (EdEx) instead of Amdex. The agent acknowledges the potential tax implications and suggests verifying the details with Atomic. Customer sentiment The customer appears concerned about tax implications and the process of withdrawing funds. He is curious about the tax-free nature of the refund and determined to find a way to minimize taxes. He also shows appreciation for the agent's advice and is open to further discussion. Next steps Benjamin should contact Atomic to confirm the refund process and whether the transfer can be made directly to a Canadian bank account. Benjamin should inquire whether the refund includes taxes and how it will be justified. Benjamin should send a screenshot of the communication with Atomic to Jorgen for further review. Primary purpose The main purpose of the conversation was to discuss the process of withdrawing funds from Atomic, the tax implications of the withdrawal, and the possibility of transferring the funds to a Canadian bank account to avoid taxes. Main topics Withdrawal process from Atomic and the refund mechanism. Tax implications of the withdrawal and how it may be structured to avoid taxation. Options for transferring the funds to a Canadian bank account or another platform (EdEx). Comparison of tax treatment between different platforms and jurisdictions. Agent's perspective on tax optimization and the legitimacy of Atomic. Customer problems “I never moved anything out of Atomic. Right? Let's put it this way. So my knowledge, personal knowledge, may be limited.” – The customer is unsure about the tax implications of his actions. “So what I don't understand, Benjamin, is what we are told well, first of all, my next question is is can we transfer it back to index as we planned? Like, is that Yeah.” – The customer is confused about the process of transferring funds back to Index. “It is the question is from what type of account or from what business is the money coming in? And then that being one of Canada's largest cryptocurrency exchangers Yep. That money will be taxable at some point.” – The customer is concerned about the taxability of the funds. “So in other words, what you're saying, that extra fee of almost twenty seven thousand dollars would be including income tax, Canadian income tax. Is that what you're saying?” – The customer is seeking clarity on whether the fee includes taxes. Key action items Contact Atomic to confirm the refund process and whether the transfer can be made directly to a Canadian bank account. Priority: High Due Date: As soon as possible Inquire about the tax implications of the refund and how it will be justified. Priority: High Due Date: As soon as possible Send a screenshot of the communication with Atomic to Jorgen for further review. Priority: Medium Due Date: Within 24 hours Business opportunities The customer is open to exploring alternative platforms (like EdEx) to manage the withdrawal and avoid taxes. “I'm gonna transfer it over to EdEx by myself and whether that's possible.” The customer is interested in minimizing tax liability through strategic transfers and is willing to engage in further discussions. “I take advantage of every report that I can get my hands on.” EN transcription 00:00:05 The bank was not even released the money necessarily for Atomic because that's a different organization. Hello? Benjamin, can you hear me? 00:00:17 Hello? Benjamin. Yes. Hi, Jorgen. Hello. 00:00:21 I called not so long ago. 00:00:24 Yeah. Sorry. We we take the phone and then it disconnects. Sorry about that. 00:00:28 Oh, really? 00:00:29 Yeah. It has right now. 00:00:30 We got I got there 00:00:31 too late just now. Okay. 00:00:34 Well, at least we got each other right here right now. Listen, Joergen. As I was told by my finance team, they looked into this. Now I personally do with Atomic, but I to be honest, I never cashed out. I stopped by my crypto on Atomic. 00:00:49 I never moved anything out of Atomic. Right? Let's put it this way. So my knowledge, personal knowledge, may be limited. But upon checking everything up with my finance team, and they're telling me that the taxes are included in this money. 00:01:05 So the taxes are included in this particular amount of cash that they're asking of you. Now how are they planning to refund it? I have no idea. Right? That's something that I was not explaining. 00:01:16 But the money that is supposed to be coming in to your account and most likely, the next step will be to ask you for the payment details, I suppose. Like, where is the money going to be sent into? The money will be coming in from an account that is not related to crypto. Hence, that is the reason how they justify it. You understand? 00:01:35 That's how you don't pay taxes after the money comes into your account. You understand? Because the transfer has nothing to do with cryptocurrency. The cash out itself, if you understand what I mean. 00:01:46 Yeah. So what I don't understand, Benjamin, is what we are told well, first of all, my next question is is can we transfer it back to index as we planned? Like, is 00:01:57 that Yeah. 00:01:57 And then convert it? 00:02:00 Well, this is something that has to be done with with atomic support. I suppose it is possible. I see no reason why it wouldn't be possible. But if you can shoot them a message, tell them I'm not interested in having it transferred in dollar Canadian. I'm gonna transfer it over to EdEx by myself and whether that's possible. 00:02:21 Let me know what is needed. So that kind of a message. Yeah. Sure. Why 00:02:25 not? Are they because of in terms of taxes, when we get it back to index and do it on our account, we put it in a special account. And for the you know, for whatever we have invested, we don't have to pay taxes. 00:02:39 Oh, you're right. Wait. Wait. Wait. Just just to correct you over there. 00:02:43 Okay? Any money coming in the dollar Canadian trauma tax, right, is taxable. There is no debate about it. 00:02:50 Okay. It 00:02:51 is the question is from what type of account or from what business is the money coming in? And then that being one of Canada's largest cryptocurrency exchangers Yep. That money will be taxable at some point. Do you understand? 00:03:04 Oh, yeah. Y'all yes. It will be? Okay. 00:03:08 Hundred percent. There is no debate about it. Whether it's even a hundred dollars, it's it's taxable. You understand? Mhmm. 00:03:15 Okay. 00:03:15 There is no debate about it. And given that you have that you're withdrawing more than what you've invested, right, you will have taxes. There is no question about it. Now what Atomic as I was explained over here about my finances, what Atomic is offering I mean, it's not clearly explained. So let's put it this way. 00:03:34 I have to give you a disclaimer. It's speculation. Right? A very educated speculation, let's put it this way. It can be clarified very much, I guess, in a future couple of messages. 00:03:44 But what am I guessing is that it's going to be a Canada transfer from your their account to your account. That account that they will use will not have any kind of relations to cryptocurrency whatsoever. Ergo, the the the transfer that they are doing to you will be not taxable. Now how are they going to justify giving you these fees back? I have no idea, to be honest. 00:04:09 This is not within my needs to understand. I I I I I really don't clarify because in the screenshot that you sent me, they mentioned that it is refundable. Yes. 00:04:21 Yeah. And if it's taxes, so that must be a Canadian company then there. Right? Because 00:04:26 No. No. It is a Canadian company. No. Atomic Atomic added, like, where it was founded is in Tallinn, Estonia. ❌ 00:04:33 So Atomic is a it's coming from a Baltic country. I don't know if you ever heard about Estonia. Yeah. You probably did. Right? 00:04:40 Yeah. So it's a it's a Baltic country. And, obviously, Atomic having headquarters in Tallinn, Estonia complies with the European Union financial laws and regulations. So, I mean, I don't know if that applies to their branch in Canada very much. I'm not quite sure about it. 00:04:58 I really don't know. But I'm guessing that there are some rules and regulations. I mean, let's put it this way. I have had my clients withdrawn a a lot of money to our company. And some of these clients have, you know, cash out their entire accounts, and we haven't spoken about it afterwards. 00:05:14 Some of them had some money left with us and continue working. Nobody has ever been complaining. Nobody. Nobody ever had any sort of situation in which they haven't gotten their money. Not to mention that Atomic Wallet as a crypto company is way larger than us. ❌ 00:05:29 I mean, facilitating a couple of hundred thousand dollar withdrawal or probably even a few million dollars is a piece of cake for them. The way I see it, you know, crypto transactions are public. So let's say, for example, when my clients put the money in Atomic and right today, you use it for staking. Staking is investing your cryptocurrency for a certain period of time. It's called staking. 00:05:51 So when they do that, their money goes into some Atomic Wallet facilities, meaning their own wallets. These wallets are, of course, possible to be checked to see the balances and what kind of amount of money is moved over there. And I can tell you it's the the trading volume is about, you know, six six hundred and fifty million dollars on a twenty four hour basis. They're massive. They're massive. ❌ 00:06:14 They're super big. So from that kind of a perspective on the information that I can gather is what I've seen with my own eyes, I can kind of personally vouch Atomic's legitimacy and, of course, there are facilities which are unprecedented. Now how are you going to guys approach this, sir? Of course, sir. I I leave it to you, of course. 00:06:36 But let's put it this way. In my way of thinking, what do I think, if you can skip the middleman, which in this case would be the Amdex, and get your money straight into a Canada Bank account, I take it. And not to mention that they refund everything, you get it tax free. It's it's the most beautiful deal you could wish for, in my opinion. I mean, I I as I said, you will approach this however you see that, but 00:07:01 Yeah. I got it. 00:07:02 That would be my kind of personal input. I'm speaking with you now, not in the capacity as an account manager. 00:07:07 I agree. 00:07:07 This would be like, I I'm in Geneva, Switzerland simply because I don't wanna pay government, you know, forty percent of my money. So, you know, I may may have a little bit of a unbiased opinion on taxes. I I I'm not kind of like a boy scout, a good guy when it comes to taxes. I will take advantage of every report that I can get my hands on Yeah. Simply because I consider this to be a how should I say? ❌ 00:07:33 A kind of a little bit of a thieving gift, but but that's opinion. Right? Let's put it this way. I don't want to impose my will on you. That's my opinion. 00:07:41 Yeah. So when it comes to taxes and expenses of moving money or cashing out my investments and I'm coming from the United States. You know? In in in there, they would skin you alive. I mean, god forbid, you get sick. 00:07:54 You're you're done for. You can basically go bankrupt. You know? And so I don't know. I have a certain perspective on on the on the matter, and I'm okay to share that perspective. 00:08:05 But, of course, like I said, I don't expect you to have my perspective. 00:08:08 So, Benjamin, would it hurt to ask them if we can go and send it forward to Nordex? Then the money would be enough. And that's I mean, money would be enough what we put in there. 00:08:20 Yes. Of course. That was my original suggestion. The best thing would be, of course, to shoot them a message and tell them would it be possible to get it done like this. But if would not be a problem, I mean, you can send me a screenshot later on. 00:08:34 If you can ask another side question or two regarding how do they plan to justify this fee being returned and whether that fee includes taxes as well, taxation. Yeah. But you don't have to if you don't want to. 00:08:49 That's Yeah. No. No. Good point. No. 00:08:51 No. That's Yeah. 00:08:53 Because if it does, then you got yourself the best deal there is, obviously. So so in other words, what you're saying, that extra fee of almost twenty seven thousand dollars would be including income tax, Canadian income tax. Is that what you're saying? Not income tax. Capital gains tax. 00:09:10 Capital You would have income tax only if you are licensed and registered day traders. Meaning, you do this for a living. You understand? Capital gains tax does not it's only subjected to what you guys are doing. You guys are not day traders. 00:09:24 Right. That's important to emphasize. So day traders will have income tax, right, simply because this is their job. This is their profession. This is what they do for a living. 00:09:35 Capital gains tax is a simple sale of the asset. You understand? CRA does not have any sort of information what you do with your trading account with All Real Group. You understand? That that there is no information about it. 00:09:47 They only see that you've transferred a certain amount of crypto and that you've got back a certain amount of crypto. Okay. Which is initially, let's say, for example, like you did with that debt. Right? You bought a certain amount of Bitcoin. 00:10:00 You transferred it over to some wallet. You don't they don't know what kind of conversion has it been done. Did you buy Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum? Did you buy Solana? Did you buy Cardano? 00:10:10 Did you buy some Altcoin that is, let's say, way below one cent? Because people do that all the time. Let me just for me to clarify, probably, Atomic's perspective. In Atomic, you've noticed hundreds, if probably not thousands of coins available over there. Majority of coins on Atomic are way below a set, which means, let's say, for about a thousand dollars, you would get, let's say, twenty five million or even twenty five billion of these coins. 00:10:40 And if even one of them, right, rises to, let's say, half a dollar or a dollar, people will end up making from a thousand bucks, probably a couple of hundred thousands or millions of dollars. Now, of course, this is borderline gambling. But when we're talking about tax limitation of expenses and especially in crypto, this is how you justify it, especially we're doing crypto trading. 00:11:05 Yeah. So capital Benjamin, I understand that for me. So if there's a cap that tax, we we gonna ask them, I think. But Mhmm. That will be capital gain taxes and then who 00:11:14 would Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Capital gain tax. 00:11:16 Who would keep that? Like, the company? 00:11:21 No. Well, listen. As for the message that they've sent, you would get that back. I mean, am guessing that they would take some money out Oh, that's funny. Facilitation of the transfer. 00:11:32 Right? These things usually go without paying. But if you can get away with I don't know. Let's say sixty nine thousand dollars American plus the twenty whatever they're asking in Canada dollars. I'm not quite sure. 00:11:47 But let's say let's say it all rounds up what? About a hundred and fifteen, sixty thousand dollars Canadian? And let's say you get back hundred and ten, I would still consider this to be an amazing deal. So in order to break it down, right, ask them for the option of transferring it just to a tax that they you do everything on your own, and you're handling everything on your own, right, even when taxes come into play. 00:12:13 And then Benjamin, in index, they don't charge that extra fee or you don't know a fee. You have a fee. Yeah. There's 00:12:21 You have a fee. You have a fee for the transfer, but they are not dealing with taxes. You understand? They will send you the money, and however you deal with it, you deal with it. So but but I got a question for you, if it's not a problem, of course. 00:12:35 What kind of tax bracket are you guys in percentage wise? What's your 00:12:39 tax bracket? I think it's thirty five percent, I think. 00:12:44 Are you above forty? 00:12:45 No. I don't think above forty. No. No. So yeah. 00:12:51 So I mean and then for the first for this amount, we are not supposed to pay taxes once we get back now because that's what we, in total, invested roughly. Right? What we sent there. So from in terms of income, our accountant, there's no taxes to pay. Maybe a little bit. 00:13:08 They're a little bit over, but you know what I mean. Right? The sixty five thousand US dollars, it's about equal what we sent. So when we take that out, there shouldn't be any taxes for us. Yes. 00:13:22 That is correct, dear. Taxes should be calculated the amount of money that you transferred. Sorry. The amount of money that you're withdrawing minus the amount of money that you transferred, and that amount of money that you've that is the difference subject subjectible tax. 00:13:37 Right. Okay. Yeah. 00:13:41 But please double check everything with them. Double check everything with them. Shoot them a message as soon as they reply. Send me a screenshot, and I'll and I'll get back with you. That's okay. 00:13:49 Good. Thanks so much. 00:13:51 No problem. K. You're welcome. Okay. Bye, Juergen. 00:13:54 Bye, Rachel.